README.md, before:

# Bootstrap-Portfolio
This repository is for a front-end expert portfolio using Bootstrap.
It consists of a navigation bar, a grid card layout for the portfolio section an about me section, and a contact footer.

# navigation bar 
this contains 4 sections using the unordered list: about portfolio skills and contact.
when clicked the webpage scrolls to the respective section.

# a jumbotron 
this section contains a small intro about me and what i do.

# grid card layout
the grid card layout is divided into 4 sections using bootstrap code.
the cards display project screenshots and are titled with a link to the gitHub repository.
added placeholder link for projects that are still work in progress.

# contact footer
this contains 5 options for all the different contact and social media pages.
when clicked a new page opens with the respective website.

# screenshots of the website:

![screenshot1](images/Screenshot1.png)
![screenshot2](images/Screenshot2.png)
![screenshot3](images/Screenshot3.png)
![screenshot4](images/Screenshot4.png)
![screenshot5](images/Screenshot5.png)
![screenshot6](images/Screenshot6.png)

# repository name: eramsk/Bootstrap-Portfolio

# github link: https://eramsk.github.io/Bootstrap-Portfolio/

Commit message:

added about accordian layout used in read me file

README.md, after:

# Bootstrap-Portfolio
This repository is for a front-end expert portfolio using Bootstrap.
It consists of a navigation bar, a grid card layout for the portfolio section an about me section, and a contact footer.

# navigation bar 
this contains 4 sections using the unordered list: about portfolio skills and contact.
when clicked the webpage scrolls to the respective section.

# a jumbotron 
this section contains a small intro about me and what i do.

# grid card layout
the grid card layout is divided into 4 sections using bootstrap code.
the cards display project screenshots and are titled with a link to the gitHub repository.
added placeholder link for projects that are still work in progress.

# accordian skills section
this section contains an accordian layout from bootstrap to display my different skills and a little info about them.

# contact footer
this contains 5 options for all the different contact and social media pages.
when clicked a new page opens with the respective website.

# screenshots of the website:

![screenshot1](images/Screenshot1.png)
![screenshot2](images/Screenshot2.png)
![screenshot3](images/Screenshot3.png)
![screenshot4](images/Screenshot4.png)
![screenshot5](images/Screenshot5.png)
![screenshot6](images/Screenshot6.png)

# repository name: eramsk/Bootstrap-Portfolio

# github link: https://eramsk.github.io/Bootstrap-Portfolio/
